happy New Year everyone I just wanted to
give you a different video today to show
you the past present and future of the
money GPS I wanted to give you this
inside scoop on how this all began and
where I intend to bring this I've
written down everything so I'll just be
referencing it as the video goes on um
to begin essentially this all started
with me reading
psychology
books and it was something that I did in
my spare time I kept reading and reading
I listened to audio books
DVDs and it was literally thousands and
thousands of hours that I spent just
indulging in
Psychology and from there I sort of got
into books about success I also got into
sort of that financial side where I read
Napoleon Hills Think and Grow Rich and
then that sort of segued into the whole
financial industry where I became very
interested in it so from there um I got
into other topics as well um things not
related to finance um later on uh
dealing with health so the health really
took off in about uh 2005 when I really
became um dedicated to that as well not
the topic for today but that's just some
personal side there so my
goals I want to have several books
written and you've already seen one the
money GPS anything under the financial
is going to be called the money GPS and
then there will be a subtitle so for
example which I've already got the
copyright for it so I can mention it the
next book is titled the money GPS global
economic collapse so look forward to
that one so there'll be different books
at different levels I'm planning on
writing a children's book at some point
it'll be like a story book something for
maybe a six-year-old or or so and then
we'll get into the uh maybe a grade
school type book and then we get into
the uh High School potentially and like
basically different levels and that will
provide everyone with their own level
depending on where they're at of some
sort of financial education so I think
it would be very interesting to have
that because right now it doesn't really
exist the textbooks that you have in
school aren't exactly sufficient to
teach people that um and essentially
then you get the money GPS ones that
that you've seen already um whether it's
the first money GPS or the GL global
economic collap collapse that would be
your you know adult uh type book so
that's that eventually then leading into
a textbook for schools that would be
either from the math course or perhaps
the economics course something more
simplified and um sort of more towards
studies and things things that a school
could actually pick up and hopefully
they can then segue into the actual real
teachings that would be something as
well that I believe would be very
beneficial
I want audio books audio books on all of
these books so the audio version exactly
the same but I'll have uh the um you
know what people have suggested they
don't necessarily like to read but they
will definitely get into audiobooks so
all of them will be available in
audiobook format I also would like to
make perhaps some Audio Only programs
that I can uh do for people on a
particular subject so it'll be very
linear in that regard I want to even do
things like t-shirts create with
powerful slogans um just something off
the top of my head would be like End the
Fed and then it would be just a tiny
font I don't want to have this big thing
that says the money GPS you know I would
like people to wear something that says
a big statement like in the fed and then
maybe in a just a little tiny font at
the bottom the money gps.com
um barely noticeable just for people to
have that there um any other type of
paraphanalia perhaps but the t-shirts
are something that you can wear around
and really make a statement uh I want an
ecourse as I have now free ecourse on
every subject keeping it very very
linear what is a bank what is a bond
what is a stock how do the stock market
work things like this just very linear
and keeping it free it's very important
to
me later down the road I would like to
franchise the whole business so you can
have your own GPS
you know um you would basically buy into
the franchise and that would be
available for the absolute minimum cost
of course and then you can have whatever
type of GPS you want as long as uh
you're teaching somebody uh something
very beneficial to them I don't know
it's the handyman GPS for example and
you would be given the templates for a
website templates for books templates
for the audio books everything sort of
uh already done you just put the content
in and it would magically come together
and this would be good for people who
don't know how to start a business don't
know how to do a website or anything
else all the templates will be uh there
for you that's more later down the road
um essentially it's a GPS brand forming
that's that's really what I'm trying to
do uh all about educating people
depending on the subject this happens to
be the money GPS on a personal note I
would say this is sort of a mission
statement but it would be to give
Financial education to every single
person at any age who wants to learn
providing different ways of learning to
suit those individuals for example the
people who uh like to read more they
like those books like that's how I work
best just seeing the books seeing the
diagrams in those books that's one way
but then providing them the audiobook
way because maybe they they like to
listen to it better or maybe a DVD even
where they can visually see everything
happening and somebody's there
instructing them on exactly how it all
works that that's really my goal is to
create these in different Avenues to
have that and eventually my goal my
honest goal is to figure out a way to
make all of my work free everything take
the money GPS currently on sale $19.99
make it $0 and make it a downloadable
thing if it was a print copy then it
would be just at the cost and and the
shipping and everything else but if it
was a downloadable content it would be
$0 and I don't know how in the world I
would ever figure that out maybe if
somebody bankrolled me or um I'm not
sure but if it was possible to do that
then absolutely I would want it free so
that I can get out there to the maximum
amount of people this is not about
making money money in fact if anybody
does their research you'll know that you
don't make any money writing books I
mean it's a terrible terrible way of
return on investment you make a few
dollars full disclosure I make about
$4 for every money GPS book that's sold
I don't mind telling you that it's four
bucks and the amount of time that I
spent investing in that you know all of
those thousands of hours of research
that did prior to that the hundreds of
hours that I spent writing the book and
then you know you spend time doing the
videos and everything else to get people
interested uh in the book The return on
investment is is just terrible in that
way but that's not why I did that I
wrote the book specifically to prove to
people my points I had very specific
points that I wanted to make to
reference I have 222 references in my
first book and I just wanted to be able
to take this subject make it easy for
people bring it out there and um that
that's what I did so I hope you do
appreciate
that on a more personal level I just
wanted to give you an idea of where I'm
at one day if everything works out I
want to live in a fully self-sufficient
home that's solar panels water catchment
I want a garden that provides me you
know a massive quantity of food this
would be in a place where I one day
dream of the Hamakua Coast in the big
island of Hawaii if anybody lives there
give me a thumbs up um I want to bring
my expenses as close to zero as possible
so that self-sufficiency would allow me
to do
that um I would like to spend time every
single day undivided attention
with family I do believe that is
absolutely important and I would want to
donate anything that I have that I
believe that I truly don't
need if I have a big desk to work at and
a small desk would do just fine maybe a
little just a little area to put a
laptop well then that's what I would do
at get rid of the big desk donate it to
somebody who can use it and then move on
to to a small little thing just enough
to be able to do what I need to do and
essentially live a very simple
life so that's all for this video I
wanted to give you an inside scoop of
where I'm at where I've been just give
you those Basics there hope you do
appreciate it I really appreciate each
and every one of your comments all your
positivity and everything that has been
going going on this channel first opened
up in
2011 I have approximately 1,000 videos
on YouTube and the subscribers are know
36,000 and
growing and I'm just trying to get this
information what I believe to be the
truth to get it out to as many people
around the world as possible